# The calculation of extended Auction timing when a bidder calls createBid() is incorrect
## Summary
When a bidder wants to call for a bid, the protocol makes sure that the bid lasts for 15 minutes. If the bidder calls for a bid 5 minutes before the end duration, the duration will be extended for 10 minutes to accommodate the 15 minutes buffer. This extension will run until max duration is reached. After that, the bidder cannot call for bids anymore. However, the code incorrectly calculates the extension time.

## Vulnerability Detail
```
if (firstBidTime + duration - block.timestamp < timeBuffer) {
```
In createBid(), a bidder calls for a bid and passes through some checks. The first check checks if firstBidTime + duration - block.timestamp < timeBuffer. Since the variables are a little hard to picture, let's take a real life example.

firstBidTime = Monday 8am
duration = 1 day
block.timestamp = Tuesday 7.50am (the time when the bidder calls his bid)
timeBuffer = 15 minutes (never change)

Using the variables above, Since Monday 8am + 1 day - Tuesday 7.50am < 15 minutes, or rather

Monday 8am + 1 day = Tuesday 8am
Tuesday 8am - Tuesday 7.50am = 10 minutes

Since 10 minutes < 15 minutes, the following code will run to calculate for the newDuration.

```
if (firstBidTime + duration - block.timestamp < timeBuffer) {
  uint64 newDuration = uint256(
    duration + (block.timestamp + timeBuffer - firstBidTime)
  ).safeCastTo64();
```
duration + (block.timestamp + timeBuffer - firstBidTime),
1 day + (Tuesday 7.50am + 15 minutes - Monday 8am)
1 day + (Tuesday 8.05am - Monday 8am)
1 day + (1 day 5 minutes)
2 day 5 minutes


newDuration is therefore 1 day 5 minutes. Next, the code will check if newDuration <= auctions[tokenId].maxDuration, where maxDuration is essentially duration + 1 day.
```
newAuction.maxDuration = (duration + 1 days).safeCastTo64();

if (newDuration <= auctions[tokenId].maxDuration)
```
Since 2 day 5 minutes is not less than 2 days, the following else statement will run.
```
    auctions[tokenId].duration =
      auctions[tokenId].maxDuration -
      firstBidTime;
```
duration = 2 days - firstBidTime
duration = 2 days - Monday 8am, which is an underflow and function will revert.
```
if (newDuration <= auctions[tokenId].maxDuration) {
    auctions[tokenId].duration = newDuration;
  } else {
    auctions[tokenId].duration =
      auctions[tokenId].maxDuration -
      firstBidTime;
  }
```
To summarize, the function will always revert because duration is calculated incorrectly which will lead to an underflow.

## Impact
Incorrect calculation of function will result in underflow. When bidder has 15 minutes left before the Auction ends, he cannot bid anymore as max duration and duration does not work as intended.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-astaria/blob/main/lib/astaria-gpl/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L127-L154

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change
```
    duration + (block.timestamp + timeBuffer - firstBidTime)
```
to
```
   (block.timestamp + timeBuffer - firstBidTime) - duration
```
Also, change
```
 if (newDuration <= auctions[tokenId].maxDuration) {
    auctions[tokenId].duration = newDuration;
  } else {
```
to
```
 if (newDuration <= auctions[tokenId].maxDuration) {
    auctions[tokenId].duration += newDuration;
  } else {
```
Essentially, newDuration is the extended time given and duration should be added together with newDuration, up until duration reaches maxDuration.

